feat(HTTP): Refresh 5XX response pages (#35361)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/503/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`503 Service Unavailable`** [server error response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#server_error_responses) status code indicates that the server is not ready to handle the request.
> Common causes are a server that is down for maintenance or that is overloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP **`503 Service Unavailable`** [server error response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#server_error_responses) status code indicates that the server is not ready to handle the request.

Common causes are that a server that is down for maintenance or that it is overloaded.
```

> Common causes are a server that is down for maintenance or that is overloaded.

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/35565; perhaps this should be more nuanced.

Author: Thanks for pointing out, I've added details in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35361/commits/e105484dc338ea28ba5b4407a3197f8e976bc90b that should answer the question.

This response should be used for temporary conditions and the {{HTTPHeader("Retry-After")}} HTTP header should contain the estimated time for the recovery of the service, if possible.

> A user-friendly page explaining the problem should be sent together with this response.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
A user-friendly page explaining the problem should be sent along with this response.
```

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`503 Service Unavailable`** [server error response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#server_error_responses) status code indicates that the server is not ready to handle the request.

> Common causes are that a server is down for maintenance or overloaded.

Reviewer: There was a comment somewhere else about how you can get this back if the server is not working/down for maintenance.

Author: I think the question is "how can the server respond with a 503 if it's overloaded" and the next two sentences answer that, IMO.

Reviewer: @bsmth Unlikely - down for maintenance above means (to me) stuff like installing software patches or running database tidy up work, or some kinds of backups. It might be worth a few words about how a server can response to this kind of message. Might not be a 503.

Reviewer: Ignore that. I made some assumptions about what you'd written. Doh.

Some server-side applications will reject requests with a `503` status when resource thresholds like memory, CPU, or connection pool limits are met.
Dropping a percentage of incoming requests creates backpressure that prevents the server's compute resources from being overloaded, avoiding severe failures.

This response should be used for temporary conditions and the {{HTTPHeader("Retry-After")}} HTTP header should contain the estimated time for the recovery of the service, if possible.

A user-friendly page explaining the problem should be sent along with this response.

> [!NOTE]

> > Caching-related headers sent with this response should have special attention; a `503` status is often temporary and responses shouldn't usually be cached as clients may receive outdated error pages after a fix has been deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Caching-related headers sent with this response require special attention; a `503` status is often temporary and responses shouldn't usually be cached as clients may receive outdated error pages after a fix has been deployed.
```
